# **First User Journey**

At this point in the project, our goal is to find some volunteers, if possible with different profiles, to test and get their feedback from our first experiment to find out if we are on the right way to achieve maximum immersion in VR. Next, we will break down the points that we will carry out in order.

- ##**Recruitment**
First of all, we set out to look for volunteers to test our VR experience. Our team created a form on the basic data of the person (name and email). This was sent via WhatsApp and Teams to all the students and staff members from the EPS programme. 
> VR User Test Sign Up: https://forms.gle/MaBvz766WbAaWyS78


- ## **Day of the Experiment**
The day of the experiment we went to the Immersive Lab and set up the VR equipment. Beforehand, we had sent a Google Sheet document to all the people who signed up for the experience, so that they could choose the time it best suited them to come. 
> Time-Table: https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/16co5fCY2pnJzZOZ5hcVUJ0J_ABo1gRh9_jm-XEDOIyk/edit?usp=sharing 

For each user, we followed the following steps. 

>###**Explanation of the experiment**
>Once the volunteers were in the Immersive Lab, we will explained the specifications and conditions of the experiment.

>###**First Test: Personal Information and Previous Experience with VR**
>In this survey, some more personal and specific data was asked to know in which field each of the volunteers is studying or working, as well as their experience or knowledge with VR.

>###**First Experience**
>In the first experience, the users were immersed in a mountain-like environment, with some sticks and a robot-dog to play around. There was no external physical input.  

>###**Second Test: Virtual Experience without physical stimulus**
>In this survey the user had to fill in some questions to tell his sensations in the first experiment. 

>###**Second Experience**
>The user was immersed in the previous environment, but this time the user experience wind (generated by a ventilator) and the touch of the robot-dog (with a stick with some fur attached to it). 

>###**Third Test: Virtual Experience with physical stimulus**
>In this survey the user had to fill in some questions to tell his sensations in the second experiment.

>###**Fourth Test: Experiment Feedback**
>In this survey the user had to give feedback about the overall experience as a volunteer in our project. 

>###**Gift**
>For thanking the users their participation, they were given a home-made chocolate cookie. 